with the timers set up on the cycle that
you always use remove this black wire
from the terminal mark L on the timer
set your multimeter on the lower scale
to read ohms take a reading between the
terminals mark M on L on the timer like
this if the reading is close to zero
ohms the contacts inside of the timer
are good if the reading is infinity the
timer is bad and you will need to
replace a complete timer assembly
remove the knob by grabbing it and
pulling it straight out remove the 2
timer holding screws
remove these three screws to open the
controls panel
and open the controls panel
leave the wires attached to the bad
timer set the new timer in place
unscrewing the two holding screws
you
transfer the wires from the bad timer to
the mood timer this way you will
minimize the chance of putting a wire on
the wrong terminal the new timer now you
have to do is close the control panel
screwing the holy schools
I'm installed a knob that was a way to
check and replace a timer when the dryer
is not starting for the best place to
buy replacement parts online visit
repair clinic when you buy part from
repair clinic you have 365 day from the
day of purchase to return the part for a
refund or for a replacement you can find
links to repair clinic in my website